README.md, before:

# CV - Mario Saliba

I'm an early-career full stack developer who is looking for opportunities to gain new skills by working on challenging freelance projects. I recently graduated from [Founders & Coders Nazareth](http://www.foundersandcoders.com/), a highly selective sixteen week coding bootcamp, and am currently mentoring and working on freelance projects. I am a passionate learner and problem solver, eager to explore new languages and frameworks and learn with like-minded individuals.

## Skills
**Languages**: HTML5, CSS3, Javascript (also ES6), Node.js, SQL, Tachyons.                                         
**Testing**: Tape, Istanbul, Supertest, CodeCov.                                                      
**Databases**: PostgreSQL, MongoDB, Mongoose.                                                                  
**Frameworks**: Hapi, Express.                                                                                
**Development Tools**: Git/Github, Gerrit, Travis CI, Webpack.                                                
**Other skills**: Heroku, Handlebars, React+Redux, Angular 2, Babel.

## Projects

### [Arab startups platform](http://arabinnovators.herokuapp.com/)

Arab Innovators, funded by the UK Israel Tech Hub, is a a web application that aims to promote the Arab hi-tech scene and make Arabs startups more accessible to investors.

I used the following technologies:
- HTML5 + Tachyons
- Javascript
- Express
- Mongodb + Mongoose
- Tape + Supertest + Istanbul

### [Nazareth Nuggets](https://nazareth-nuggets.herokuapp.com/)

Nazareth Nuggets is a platform for people to discover new things about Nazareth, and to contribute information for other users.

I used the following technologies:
- HTML5 + CSS3
- Javascript
- Express
- PostgreSQL
- AWS S3
- Tape + linter + Supertest + Istanbul

### [PAS](https://xd.adobe.com/view/6572db59-ff24-4c55-9db7-3142e15141e5/)

Park and Sleep, which helps tourists navigate unconventional cities (like Nazareth), was built using React library + Redux. 

I used the following technologies:
- React
- Express
- MongoDB
- Webpack + Babel + Axios

## EDUCATION

 <img src="https://github.com/skibinska/CV-Ewelina-Skibinska/blob/master/experience/fac.png" width="240">


### Student and mentor
*Feb. 2017 - June. 2017*

#### 16-Week Intensive Web Development Course

* As well as learning the skills outlined, I learnt test driven development, agile methodologies and pair programming.
* I currently help teach the course at Founders & Coders by creating learning materials, contributing to the curriculum and mentoring at _Coding for Everyone_ meetups. 

## Contact
mario.saliba98@gmail.com

Commit message:

update with latest project `nazareth-events`
Adds `nazareth-events` to list of projects

README.md, after:

# CV - Mario Saliba

I'm an early-career full stack developer who is looking for opportunities to gain new skills by working on challenging freelance projects. I recently graduated from [Founders & Coders Nazareth](http://www.foundersandcoders.com/), a highly selective sixteen week coding bootcamp, and am currently mentoring and working on freelance projects. I am a passionate learner and problem solver, eager to explore new languages and frameworks and learn with like-minded individuals.

## Skills
**Languages**: HTML5, CSS3, Javascript (also ES6), Node.js, SQL, Tachyons.                                         
**Testing**: Tape, Istanbul, Supertest, CodeCov.                                                      
**Databases**: PostgreSQL, MongoDB, Mongoose.                                                                  
**Frameworks**: Hapi, Express.                                                                                
**Development Tools**: Git/Github, Gerrit, Travis CI, Webpack.                                                
**Other skills**: Heroku, Handlebars, React+Redux, Angular 2, Babel.

## Projects

### [Nazareth events](https://nazareth-events.herokuapp.com/)

An easy to use app designed to help users find events happening in Nazareth, the app has two types of users:
 - A person looking for an event
 - A enue that hosts events
 
Technologies used:
- HTML5 + css
- Javascript
- Express
- Handlebars
- Tape + Supertest + Istanbul


### [Arab startups platform](http://arabinnovators.herokuapp.com/)

Arab Innovators, funded by the UK Israel Tech Hub, is a a web application that aims to promote the Arab hi-tech scene and make Arabs startups more accessible to investors.

Technologies used:
- HTML5 + Tachyons
- Javascript
- Express
- Mongodb + Mongoose
- Tape + Supertest + Istanbul

### [Nazareth Nuggets](https://nazareth-nuggets.herokuapp.com/)

Nazareth Nuggets is a platform for people to discover new things about Nazareth, and to contribute information for other users.

I used the following technologies:
- HTML5 + CSS3
- Javascript
- Express
- PostgreSQL
- AWS S3
- Tape + linter + Supertest + Istanbul

### [PAS](https://xd.adobe.com/view/6572db59-ff24-4c55-9db7-3142e15141e5/)

Park and Sleep, which helps tourists navigate unconventional cities (like Nazareth), was built using React library + Redux. 

I used the following technologies:
- React
- Express
- MongoDB
- Webpack + Babel + Axios

## EDUCATION

 <img src="https://github.com/skibinska/CV-Ewelina-Skibinska/blob/master/experience/fac.png" width="240">


### Student and mentor
*Feb. 2017 - June. 2017*

#### 16-Week Intensive Web Development Course

* As well as learning the skills outlined, I learnt test driven development, agile methodologies and pair programming.
* I currently help teach the course at Founders & Coders by creating learning materials, contributing to the curriculum and mentoring at _Coding for Everyone_ meetups. 

## Contact
mario.saliba98@gmail.com
